# Choose Your Own Adventure Project
Write a program that allows the user to play a “Choose Your Own Adventure” game.  In this game the user will be prompted with making decisions, which will then lead them to different paths with different results until they reach the end. There must be 9 different endings. Each ending requires at least 2 decisions. 3 of the 9 endings requires at least 3 decisions. There must be at least one branching statement that has a numeric comparison, such as “equal to”, “strictly less than”, etc.  There must be at least one branching statement that has a string comparison.  There must be at least one branching statement that has a compound Boolean expression. Content must be school appropriate.  If there are questions about content, then you should ask the instructor before submitting the assignment. You must have meaningful identifiers for data and methods.  You must have proper indentation that clearly identifies statements within the body of a class, a method, a branching statement, a loop statement, etc. You must have minimal meaningful comments.  You must have a commented header with your name and period.  At least 5 meaningful comments in addition to your name block. These must describe the function of the code it is near. Include error checking for user input and allow the user to re-type their input without having to start the program again from the beginning. Include the error checking you do in block comments at the top of your code so I know what they test. There should be error checking in at least three decisions. -For example: Program: How many cookies do you take from the cookie jar? User: Three  Program: Please enter an integer using numbers. Program: How many cookies do you take from the cookie jar? 
